(DOCSP-39502): Consolidate Define an Object Model page (#3314)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/includes/api-details/swift/model-data/object-models-define-realm-object-description.rst

> In Swift, to define a Realm object, create a class that inherits from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Swift, to define an SDK object, create a class that inherits from
```
